feat: improve defineIntegration API (#16)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: docs/src/content/docs/utilities/define-integration.mdx

### Options

> The `defaults` configuration accepts the default value, it will be deeply merged with
> the ones provided by the user. Please note that this is not runtime safe, you'll need
> to do so inside `setup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `defaults` configuration accepts the default values for your integration's options. `defaults` will be deeply merged with the options provided by the user. Please note that this is not runtime safe, it's good practice to check the types of your options inside `setup`.
```
